docs: add non-technical ckerc20 checklist (#3169)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/multi-chain/chain-key-tokens/ckerc20/creating-new-ckerc20.mdx

- Clearly state the specific ERC20 token and its originating chain you intend to create a ckERC20 version for. 
- Explain the potential benefits of creating a ckERC20 version of the token to the ICP community.
- Provide technical validation including links to its open-source ERC20 smart contracts and validation of its deployment (ex. Etherscan link to the smart contract)
- Share relevant data in regards to token metrics such as market capitalization and price. Include links to source such as CoinMarketCap or Etherscan for reference.
- Highlight any significant contributions by the token creators or associated foundations to the ICP or the broader web3 ecosystem. Include any relevant whitepapers, documentation, and social media links.

It is suggested to wait two weeks for community feedback before proceeding with a proposal to the Network Nervous System (NNS).

## 3. NNS proposal to upgrade the ledger suite orchestrator

At a high-level, adding a new ERC-20 token involves an NNS upgrade proposal for the ledger suite orchestrator specifying the following:

> - Identifier for the new ERC-20 token: this is the pair Ethereum chain ID and the ERC-20 smart contract Ethereum address. 
> - Initialization args for the ICRC ledger.
> - Wasm hash of the ledger.
> - Wasm hash of the index. 
> 
> The technical steps in detail are outlined on the [Ledger Suite Orchestrator code README](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/blob/master/rs/ethereum/ledger-suite-orchestrator/README.adoc#adding-a-new-ckerc20-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identifier for the new ckERC20 token: The chain ID and the ERC-20 smart contract address of the original ERC-20 token.
- Initialization arguments for the ICRC ledger.
- Wasm hash of the ledger.
- Wasm hash of the index. 

The technical steps in detail are outlined on the [ledger suite orchestrator code README](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/blob/master/rs/ethereum/ledger-suite-orchestrator/README.adoc#adding-a-new-ckerc20-token).
```
